h1. Tech Exercise

In order get a better idea of your technical abilities, we'd like to ask you to complete the following exercise.

This is a Rails 5.0 starter application that that allows a visitor to sign up for an account and download a PDF file. The application uses:

* "Devise":https://github.com/plataformatec/devise for user management and authentication
* "Role-Based Authorization":http://railsapps.github.io/rails-devise-roles
* "Bootstrap":http://getbootstrap.com/ or "Foundation":http://foundation.zurb.com/ front-end frameworks


h2. Dependencies

Before generating your application, you will need:

* The Ruby language - version 2.3.1
* The Rails gem - version 5.0

See the article "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html for instructions about setting up Rails and your development environment.


h2. Development Environment
* Fork the codebase into your own github account and clone it locally
* Ensure you have Ruby version 2.3.1
* Run the following commands:
** <pre>bundle install</pre>
** <pre>rake db:migrate</pre>
** <pre>rake db:seed</pre>
** <pre>rails s</pre>
* The seed file creates an admin user of user@example.com/changeme


h2. Tech Exercise

* Create the ability to add a profile picture in the user profile (/users/edit)
* Bonus/not required: Create a feature spec to test it
* We anticipate that this exercise will require discussion. Please reach out when you have questions or need clarification. Please email jill@sassafras.coop for any questions.
* When you are done, please open a pull request with your changes in a new branch.
* Please aim to finish this exercise in two weeks.




h2. Credits

Special thanks to "Rakesh Jha":https://github.com/Jrakesh/ for code contributions.

Daniel Kehoe implemented the application and wrote the tutorial.

Is the app useful to you? Follow the project on Twitter: "@rails_apps":http://twitter.com/rails_apps
and tweet some praise. I'd love to know you were helped out by what I've put together.

h2. MIT License

"MIT License":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license

Copyright ©2014-16 Daniel Kehoe
